The wait is over! JAMB has finally released the result of the just concluded 2021/2022 UTME exams after the wait or so. The Joint Admission Matriculation Board has deemed it fit to release the results via their online platform and students are now advised to check as soon as possible in order to continue their in their mission to gaining admission into tertiary institution in the next academic year. It is obvious that you can check your UTME result via the board’s website but that’s not easiest and fastest way to go. You might be asking what’s the right way to check your jamb results? Have you tried checking your results through text message? This is inarguably the fastest and best stress-free way to check your results. However, the question is how can you explore this awesome method? This article will provide step-by-step guide on how to check your jamb result using the simple text message method. Since your mission is to see your result, you should type result to the number and wait for reply from the examination board. Meanwhile, it is important to note that the “result” should be in capital letter. It will consist of your registered name; registration number will be included in the message while your score in each of the four subjects will also be revealed to you. Lastly, the overall score is also available in the text message that will be sent to you by the Board administrators. 1. You Used Unregistered SIM: In this case, instead of sending your result, JAMB will reply with “This phone number was not used for registration.” 2. Your Result Is Withheld: Due to unruly behaviour during the UTME exams, your result is probably withheld and won’t be released. Instead the response from JAMB will be “Result Withheld” 3. You Were Absent During Examination Days : Another reason why you may not receive your result from jamb via this text message method is because you couldn’t turn up for the examination This means you are absent and your result will be completely unprocessed. The examination body will send you a message which contains “CANDIDATE ABSENT” 4. Unauthorised Access Into Examination: It is possible you entered straight into examination hall without the permission of the supervisors or presiding exam officers. If that’s the case, your results will be seized by the board due to violation of rules and regulations. 5. Canceled Registration Number: Here is another reason why your result won’t be sent to you via text. In this case, you will receive a message telling you “Candidate Absent” Should you decide to check your Utme 2020/2021 result through the online method, below is a quick rundown of the steps you should take. You no longer need to wait for longer period of time or high quality internet service before checking your results, thanks to the easy method discussed above. All you need is just 50 naira and your registered Sim. At this point, we wish you good luck as you proceed to check your result. Welcome to zumi.ng ;
Ikechukwu I write for zumi.ng, I am a University graduate, and holds a degree in Mass communication from Abia state University.