Nigeria Police Academic Application 2021/2022 polac.edu.ng/ Is it your dream of becoming one of the highly respected and regarded Police officers in the country? If yes, then, here is an article that will help you achieve your lifetime goal. Joining the Nigerian Police Force can be done in two ways, which includes joining the police academy as a teenager or taking their recruitment form. Whichever one you prefer between the two options, you are guaranteed to earn a spot in one of the country’s armed forces as long as you possess all the requirements However, it is advisable you join the Nigerian Police Force through its academy as you will be used to their norms and traditions right from your teenage age. Additionally, you won’t have to undergo the rigorous stress and difficulties attached to recruitment exercises. Meanwhile, the question is how can you join the Nigeria Police Academy Wudil in Kano? When will their admission form be out and what are the criteria applicants are expected to possess before being admitted into the cadet Police School? All of these questions will be dealt with later in the article. You are thereby advised to pay concrete attention while reading this page. Having said all of that, let’s get down to today’s business as we’ll be revealing to you all the things you need to know about Nigeria police academy recruitment form in the next paragraph. NPA Wudil Kano, as it is mostly called, was officially inaugurated in 1988 by and it is aimed at ensuring that young adults, who love to become a police officer in their future are groomed and nurtured as soon as possible. This academy won’t just catch them young, it also ensures that students are highly trained and get prepared for easy transition into the main police office after graduation. It is very important we also let you know that this school isn’t only based on training young officers for the future. Students will be built up academically, meaning you should prepare yourself for school works, including assignments, coursework among others. In this form of education, students are expected to attend classes and police-related trainings for at least five years to stand a chance of being awarded the certificate (bachelor’s degree) needed to progress to the next chapter of their life — either to pursue their academic goals or join the Nigeria Police as an Assistant Superintendent. As an individual intending to get admitted into the kano-based Nigeria Police Academy, you are expected to meet some requirements which are discussed below: As a male applicant, you are expected to be at least 1.67 meter tall. Being a female applicant means you shouldn’t be shorter than 1.62m. Anything other than the two listed heights automatically means the end of your desire to gain admission into the Nigerian Police Academy. In the same, NPA Wudil Kano must be your first choice institution during your JAMB registration. This will go a long way in boosting your admission opportunities. You are advised to proceed to the next phase of admission process as long as you possess all the criteria above. The next phase is getting your application form which can be done via the link here Once you open the link, your next mission is to generate Remita Retrieval Reference (RRR) Code. Having done that, you are expected to go to a nearby bank to deposit 3,000 as form payment. An invoice will be given to you which you must save for reference purposes. Fill out the application form and submit to the address available in the form. Meanwhile, do not forget to download your application acknowledgement form as soon as it is sent to you via your mail. The acknowledgement slip will be needed during subsequent admission processes. Having gotten all the requirements, you are to submit your application through the school portal. The committee in charge of the admission procedures will review your application and will get back to you via email. You will be summoned to participate in the compulsory examination if your application is accepted. Unfortunately, you will be told to try next time if your application doesn’t make the cut. It is extremely important you write your name, examination center, signature and state of origin in a sheet/paper that will be made available by the supervisors. It is equally essential you know that this year’s edition of the exam will take place in 19 locations across the country. As at the time of this article, the locations are not yet disclosed to the public, we urge you to keep refreshing this page for updates. Talking of course or discipline, below is a conclusive list of programs you can choose from before sitting for the mandatory exam: Surprisingly, this school is completely free of charge as students are not expected to pay a dime. Though it appears too good to be true, we found out that students are only expected to pay for the application form (3000) and that’s all as all expenses will be shouldered by the Federal government. Welcome to zumi.ng ;
Ikechukwu I write for zumi.ng, I am a University graduate, and holds a degree in Mass communication from Abia state University.