The Nigerian government is reportedly set to handle call up letter to this year’s NYSC batch A, B, C stream 1. Hence, you are expected to get ready for mobilization any moment from now. But, do you know how and where to print your NYSC Call Up letter? No problem if you don’t, we’ve got you covered. We are set to discuss everything you should know about 2021/2022 NYSC call up letter. This article will help you know when you should be expecting the letter; where you can access it; how you can print it and what you should do with it after printing it. This promises to be a very interesting and informative article that all PCMs (Prospective Corp Members) mustn’t ignore. So, let’s get started! NYSC call-up letter is a letter from the officials in charge of the National Youth Service Corps which helps to reveal every information you should know about your NYSC service program. Having completed your NYSC registration procedures, you are expected to receive a call up letter from the organizers after some weeks ( which might also extend to one or two months). For people who are eager to know the information available in the NYSC Call up Letter, this part of the write-up is strictly dedicated to you. Your call up letter contains the following information: Therefore, it is advisable you keep it safe and, if possible, hidden from other people. Meanwhile, you should know that the call-up number is right there at the left top-end of the letter. There are two ways to print your call up letter. They include Online and Physical Method. Printing your call up letter via online platform requires extra charges (worth 3,000 naira) as you are expected to settle what is often referred to as “service charge” This service charge must be paid before the letter is released or made public by the organizers. In fact, you are mandated to pay the service charge during registration as that will or boost your chances of printing the letter without any problem. Here is another method by which you can get your call up letter without having to pay extra charges. Though it doesn’t require extra expenses, you are surely going to undergo little stress as you are going to visit a specified school to print it out. Irrespective of the method you decide to explore, it is compulsory you print out the call-up letter. Hence, we have no option to but to provide you with a step-by-step guide on how to go about it without consuming much of your time. Having said that, below is a quick rundown of the steps you must take while printing out your NYSC letter: 1. Visit NYSC Official Website To Begin The Process: This is the first step you are expected to take if you must print the letter in a stress-free manner. You can do that by clicking here 2. Login To Your Account: Just as you would do to any online account, you are to provide your registered email and password to access your NYSC profile. 3. Print It Out: Having gained access to your profile, your next mission is to print out the call up letter. This can be done by clicking on the ‘Print Call Up Letter’ link that boldly appears on your browser’s screen. That’s all, connect the browser to your printer and get the letter ready for use. Meanwhile, it is important you know that all these processes can be done your school if you are exploring the second (physical) method discussed above. You could be wondering what NYSC green card is all about and its usefulness — right? NYSC Green Card is another strategy deployed by the service corps towards ensuring that all information about you is securely revealed to you. In a nut shell, this Green Card is a small slip given to all NYSC eligible candidates as it contains all their information and data. The card is so important that all PCM have been ordered to have at least two or three photocopies in case they misplace the original one. Printing your NYSC Green Card does require special processes. In fact, you are to follow the same route you take while printing your call-up letter. However, the only difference between the two exercises is that you are going to click on the ‘print your green card’ this time NOT Call up letter. As the 2021 is call up later portal is set to be available soon, you are advised to be on the lookout for latest updates. You can get up-to-date info about the letter by refreshing this page. Have anything to share with us and fellow readers? Do not hesitate to paste it in the comment section below. Welcome to zumi.ng ;
Ikechukwu I write for zumi.ng, I am a University graduate, and holds a degree in Mass communication from Abia state University.