OAU post UTME screening 2021/2022 Application Form |Requirements cut off mark |admissions.oauife.edu.ng/ Seeking a slot in the admission list on merit of a prestigious institution turns out to be a hectic mission for most candidates. Speaking of prestigious, a prestigious institution is known to be a leading and reputable institution offering various academic activities. Candidates seeking to gain admission into such institutions are required to be eligible by meeting the standard of the school. Amongst notable institutions in Nigeria, Obafemi Awolowo University is an institution we are going to look into today. The institution is perceived to be a reputable one with notable alumnus. Over the years, numerous candidates have sought to secure admission into this reputable institution. Due to the high level of applications received by the school yearly, students seek various answers to questions concerning the school. We are going to discuss about the school, its foundation and other related topics. Sit back and educate yourself. Following the release of the university’s post utme form, they equally released the requirements from the candidates. The entry requirements to the first years is a general certification of education with at least, five credit passes in all subjects taken from the list signed by the Senate. Provided that the candidates results are not more than the outcome of 2 sittings. Below are the requirements : Obafemi Awolowo University, Ife has their specific cut off marks which varies from other universities. The post UTME cut off mark is a particular aggregate that is set for candidates to meet or surpass in order to be eligible to sit for the screening exercise. The required cut off mark is 180. Every candidate must score 180 or above in order to be eligible for the screening exercise. Candidates who scored below 180 are not advised to apply for the screening exercise. Asides the general cut off mark for post UTME, various departments in Obafemi Awolowo University has their specific cut off marks for candidates to meet or surpass in order to be admitted into the required department. Scoring above the post UTME cut off mark doesn’t guarantee instant admission to the candidate, however, candidates are expected to pass the departmental cut off mark in order to be successful. Since the registration for the OAU Post UTME Screening has commented, we have listed out the guidelines for applying for the screening exercise successfully. Below are the guidelines: Note :The screening fee is 200 and candidates are advised to pay through Remita or commercial banks . *Log on to https://admissions.oauife.edu.ng/login.php , Input your username and password to access your result. The Obafemi Awolowo University is a federal government owned institution that is located in the city of Ile – ife,Osun state, Nigeria. The university was founded in 1961 and lectures commenced on October 1962 as the university was led by late chief Samuel Ladoke Akintola and was renamed after chief Obafemi Awolowo, on the 12th of May, 1987 in his honor. The university is known to be a public institution with Etsu Yahya Abubakar as the chancellor and Eyitope Ogunbode as the vice chancellor. The decision to establish the university of ife was made by the rally action group. The university movement to the new campus and present location at Ile – ife began in January 1967. Ife started the first faculty of pharmacy in West Africa, the first department of chemical engineering and the first electronic components in addition to electrical engineering. In 197,a new military government issued decrees, making university of Ife a federal university. On September 22,1962,the school was open to 244 pioneer students and its temporary facilities, the previous college of arts and sciences Ibadan. Welcome to zumi.ng ;
Ikechukwu I write for zumi.ng, I am a University graduate, and holds a degree in Mass communication from Abia state University.