UI post utme screening application form 2021/2022 admission requirements |University of Ibadan www.admissions.ui.edu.ng This is to inform all candidates who chose the University of Ibadan as their first choice during jamb registration that, the institution has just has concluded plans on her post utme screening form. Candidates are therefore advised to take the necessary action without delay. The form for the 2021/2022 academic session is just #2,000. However, candidates are warned never to make payment to any external force as the form is available only on the UI official admission portal. To start with, the UI post utme screening form is not costly! It has been regulated by the federal government that all universities post utme screening form must not exceed a token of #2,000 hence the mandatory price. So with this amount, you can purchase your admission form into any of your desired universities in as much as you have met their admission cut-off mark as that’s part of what makes you eligible. Below are the requirements for UI post utme screening exercise: Candidates are urged to follow these steps to apply for the University’s internal screening exercise: Note: Candidates must have their payment receipt printed with their full names and reference number displayed as it’s in their jamb registration slip. • After the payment has been completed, candidates are urged to revisit their portal after two weeks to get their bio-data printed. • Make sure all unnecessary mistakes are averted as this may jeopardize the whole admission process. Therefore, the online form should be adequately filled and in CAPITAL letters only as instructed. • Lastly, candidate can then print out their acknowledgment slip upon the registration completion. The institution has over time maintained a rigid cut-off mark that hasn’t changed up-to-date. So their general cut-off mark remains 200. The university of Ibadan popularly called UI was formally called University college Ibadan during its establishment in 1948. It took turned in 1962 when it fully became a federal University with all the necessary facilities. It now has more than 35,000 students with over 13 faculties. Welcome to zumi.ng ;
Ikechukwu I write for zumi.ng, I am a University graduate, and holds a degree in Mass communication from Abia state University.