The management of the Delta State University (DELSU) Abraka, has made arrangements for this year’s post UTME screening excise. The institution has brought out modalities that will guide the selling of the its post UTME form for the 2020/2021 academic session. In this article you shall See the requirements and how to apply for DELSU post UTME form below. The Delta State University (DELSU) is a tertiary institution, owned and ran by the Delta State Government. The university is situated Abraka, Delta State. tuition fees are among the lowest in comparison to other state owned universities. For screening date and requirements see below. To get admitted into DELSU candidates interested must have picked DELSU as their first choice during the Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) and must score a minimum of 170 or above. Prospective candidates seeking to gain admission into the available undergraduate programmes of the institution must meet the requirements stated below – Interested candidates are expected to have scored a minimum of 170 or above in their UTME. Candidates who are interested must have a secondary school certificate with a minimum of 5 credit passes, in not more than one sitting. Candidates who wish to be admitted through direct entry must have a credit pass in NCE, OND and 5 credit passes at Ordinary level, or two Advanced level or I.J.M.B and five (5) credit passes at Ordinary level subjects. The DELSU admission board has announced its departmental cut-off mark for interested candidates, who are interested in securing admission for the 2021/2022 academic session. If you seek to be admitted into DELSU then you need to be abreast with their various cut-off marks for the various departments. The admission process is very competitive as many students are seeking to be admitted into the DELSU. Therefore, Jamb score, O’ level and Post UTME scores amongst others are together required. To study medicine and nursing at the Delta State University you must have a jamb score of a higher cut of mark with a complete O’ Level result (and must not be more than one sitting). Qualified candidates who meet the 2021/2022 admission requirements should follow the steps below to apply for the DELSU post UTME. Eligible candidates must then pay a fee of two thousand naira. After applicants must have completed the payments, applicants are required to continue with the online application using the school admission portal In this order: With just 2000 naira you can get the post UTME form in the above banks. Then proceed to print out and keep the application slip. After a successfully applying, applicants are however, required on the scheduled screening date, to be in possession of the following documents as they will be needed. The DELSU application form, their original jamb result sheet, their SSCE results, their Birth certificate, and Local government identification (certificate of origin). The Delta State University (DELSU) Abraka, has made public it’s cut-off mark for candidates who made DELSU their first choice when registering for the UTME. The cut-off mark is 170, but medicine requires a cut-off mark higher cut of to secure a spot in the highly competitive course, So when your jamb score hits the 170 mark, you stand a chance of securing admission into DELSU. Scoring 170 or above is not the only requirement to get admitted into DELSU, you will have to meet the Post UTME cut off mark also in order to be legible for admission. FUNAI was founded in 1995 and it has over 22,000 students. Being a state university it is among the very cheap universities in Nigeria. They offer officially recognized pre bachelor and bachelor degrees. Finally, DELSU is among the oldest state tertiary institutions in Nigeria. This is because a large proportion of students are seeking admission into tertiary institutions year in year out. Nonetheless, it’s the hope of every Nigerian teenager to get admitted into tertiary institutions as soon as they are done with their Secondary School Certificate Examination (SSCE) to further their studies. Therefore, interested applicants should ensure they meet the requirements and then follow the above listed steps carefully to have a smooth and easy registration process. Welcome to zumi.ng ;
Ikechukwu I write for zumi.ng, I am a University graduate, and holds a degree in Mass communication from Abia state University.