FUNAI post utme screening 2021/2022 form requirements funai.edu.ng Well, students have been agitatedly asking when the Federal University Ndufu Alike Ikwo would release her post utme screening form for the 2021/2022 academic session. Now the good news is, the institution has just concluded plan on her post UTME form, and as such, candidates are expected to start their registration without batting an eye. With a token of 2000 naira, you will purchase the form. However, only those who chose the university as a first choice will be admitted after meeting the cut-off mark as they do not admit the second choice. Getting FUNAI post utme screening requirements should not get you all worked up, below are the necessary documents needed for the exercise: Good news! For those who chose Federal University Ndufu Alike, Ikwo as their first choice of a higher institution while registering for the jamb exams, the university had just released her post utme cut off mark for the 2021/2022 academic session. So you can now check to confirm if you meet the university’s cut-off point to proceed to the next step. Candidates who meet the cut-off mark are urged to prepare for the school’s post utme screening exercise by presenting the screening requirements. However, FUNAI cut-off mark remains 180. All candidates who are fortunate enough to meet this are eligible to proceed with the school’s post utme screening exercise. Like other conventional universities, FUNAI has a departmental cut-off mark which is expected of each candidate to pass before he can be eligible for admission to the university. This mark is the minimum score that guarantees his or her admission although a candidate who scores above this mark has a high chance of being admitted before others. Below are the institution’s department and faculty’s cut off marks: • Humanities and Social science: 1. Sociology 2. Physiology 3. History and strategic studies 4. French 5. Linguistics 6. English and literally studies 7. Visual Arts 8. Criminology and security studies. Cut off mark=180 9. Mass communication 10. Political science Cut off mark= 190 Faculty of Management studies: Accountancy. Business administration and Entrepreneur studies Economics and developmental studies Cut off mark =180 Faculty of Science/basic medical science/engineering. Microbiology Molecular biology Chemistry Biochemistry Physics and electronics Geology Applied Geophysics Mathematics Computer science Chemical engineering Mechanical engineering Civil engineering Petroleum engineering Bio-system engineering Electrical/electronic engineering Mechatronics engineering Cut off mark=190 Biology Biotechnology Statistics and informatics Agricultural engineering Medical biochemistry Cut off mark=180 Anatomy Physiology Cut off mark =200 Nursing science =220 Medicine and Surgery =240 Faculty of Agriculture =190 Faculty of Law =200. The Alex Ekwueme Federal University Ndufu Alike Ikwo (AE-FUNAI) formally known as Federal University Ndufu Alike Ikwo until February 2nd, 2018 when it was renamed after Dr. Alex Ekwueme, the late civilian president of Nigeria, is a conventional University established by the federal government of Nigeria in 2011. The university was renamed in 2018, and is it is now known as “Alex Ekwueme Federal University Ndufe Alike”. Alex Ekwueme federal university also known as FUNAI is a federal institution as the name suggests and therefore, It’s situated in Ebonyi state on 438 hectares. According to a recent survey, the institution’s student population is 10,000 while staffs are 2,230 respectfully. Interestingly, the university takes pride in extending a top-notch experience to its students when it comes to learning and research. The institution’s sports facilities can not be overlooked as it allows students to enhance their sporting talents. Welcome to zumi.ng ;
Ikechukwu I write for zumi.ng, I am a University graduate, and holds a degree in Mass communication from Abia state University.