The wait is over, NNPC list of successful applicants is officially released by the commitee in charge and you are advised to go check to see if you are one of the lucky candidates. Did you failed to apply for the last recruitment batch and you desire to know when the next recruitment exercise will begin? Then, you are in the right place at the right time. This write-up will let you know when the next NNPC recruitment will begin, where to get the application form and how to submit it. Meanwhile, write-up is not only limited to the application form, but will also tell you everything you should know about NNPC. Checking the recently released NNPC recruitment shortlisted candidates is very easy as it takes just a click on a link. Click here to view the list. For people whose names weren’t included in the list of successful candidates, there is still a chance for them to bagged that their dream job. What we are saying in essence is that another batch of 2021/2022 NNPC recruitment exercise is still ongoing, and you are advised to go apply as soon as you can to avoid missing out on this. It should be revealed to you that the NNPC recruitment comes up in three sections. The first one is for fresh graduates which is purely for youth that are just finishing their undergraduate programs. The second category or section is strictly for senior officers which is also known as the Supervisory Cadre, while the third category is purely for people whose dream is to go for the managerial Cadre position. It almost escaped my mind, for the sake of people who cares to know little about the organization’s history, now you have it below. Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, largely known as NNPC accross the country, was established in 1977 by the federal government of Nigeria in order to be able to monitor and control the production and distribution of petrol in the country and beyond. The fact that the African country stroke a deal with some foreign oil producing countries in 1977 made it imperative that the government came up with a sector that would help in controlling the export and import of crude oil and its extracts including petrol, kerosene and diesel. It will interest you to know that NNPC is one of the highest paying federal government jobs in Nigeria, which is why many graduates and qualified citizens are very keen on getting a spot in the company. There are important criteria you must possess to stand a chance of gaining a spot in this highly-rated governmental organization. However to make the list very simple, we have categorized it into two groups which are: 1. Educational Requirements: This include the following: HND holder without a master degree certificate have a very slim opportunity to get the job ahead of BSc First Class or BSc second class upper candidates. LAW: This involves just one faculty which is Law SCIENCE : Geology, Geophysics, Physics, Chemistry, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Environmental Science, Basin Modelling, Surveying and Architecture. BUSINESS/MANAGEMENT : This includes Business Administration, Accounting, Banking and Finance, Insurance, Marketing, Supply Chain Management, Maritime Management, Purchasing & Supply, Management Information System and Human Resource Management. ENGINEERING: This involves Petroleum, Gas, Chemical, Civil, Mechanical, Electrical, Electronics, Power, Software, Computer, Environmental, Marine, Materials/ Metallurgical and Pipeline Engineering. ART/HUMANITIES : Mass Communication, English and History. SOCIAL SCIENCES: Economics, Psychology, Sociology, Political Science, Geography, Public Administration and International Relations/Studies. 2. General Requirements: The second group of requirements is what we tagged general requirements. They include: * Visit The NNPC Recruitment Portal To Start: The recruitment process is strictly online. Hence, you are advised to click here to start. * Create An Account: You are expected to create an account using an active email address and password that can be easily remembered. It is important you know that multiple registration is completely prohibited and it leads to instant disqualification. * Verify Your Email Address : You will be sent a verification link via your email address asking you to verify your email address. Click on the link and you will be redirected to a page where you will verify your account. This should be done as soon as you receive the message. * Choose Between The Two Available Recruitment Programs: Having gained access to the website, you will be asked to choose between a graduate trainee recruitment or Experienced Hire recruitment program. Do not rush to select any of the options. Instead, take your time to read the description and the eligibility requirements for each. See the one you fit in and click on the it. * Fill Out The Application Form: After clicking the one you fit in, you will be asked to fill the recruitment form. Ensure that you provide accurate details by cross-checking the form over again. * Click on the ‘apply’ button to submit. It’s surprising that many NNPC applicants don’t know what the job is all about and what they would be doing if they eventually got employed. Hence, we have taken it upon ourselves to uncover the duties of NNPC employees below: As mentioned earlier, the requirement is ongoing and you are advised to apply as soon as you can. As for the deadline date, the portal is expected to shutdown after six weeks of creation. This means it is likely going to shut down any moment from now (possibly on the 26th day in the month of March). As you desire to get a well-paid job, so also our mission to help you out. Hence, you are advised to keep visiting this site as we always provide breaking information regarding recruitments into both private and government organizations. You can also subscribe to our email alert to get real-time notifications about any recruitment opportunities right in your mailbox. Welcome to zumi.ng ;
Ikechukwu I write for zumi.ng, I am a University graduate, and holds a degree in Mass communication from Abia state University.