NECO TIMETABLE The National Education Council is a prominent examination body in Nigeria that was established in April, 1999 under the directive of the Former Head of State, Abdul salami Abubakar. The National Education Council was mandated to conduct national examinations for students so as to affirm that the students are eligible for the next level of education and also awards certificate that shows the student’s academic performance.  The National Examination Council was primarily established to be in charge of the National Examinations in the entire thirty-six (36) states in Nigeria and also issues academic reports that show students’ academic performance that determines whether the student is fit for the next level of education or not. VISION Adding value to education sector in Nigeria through a standard assessment MISSION To conduct national examination for students in Nigeria and also encouraging academic excellence among students so as to prove the advancement in the educational system in Nigeria The main purpose of the NECO is to conduct examination according to the national policy on education so as to confirm students’ academic performance before moving to the next level of education. Registration for the national examinations is always announced either on the national newspaper or the official website. NECO is conduct examination yearly in two series; the internal and external examination which is the Senior School Certificate Examination (SSCE) and National Examination (GCE) respectively. The Senior School Certificate Examination (SSCE) is conducted for exiting senior class, the registration form is usually out in the month of June/July exam and the report showing the academic performance is usually out during the month of September. The external series of the NECO which is the General Certificate Examination (GCE) is for private candidates who failed any subject in their SSCE so as to correct the failed or cancelled subject. The external examination is usually conducted during the month of November or December and the result is usually out within forty-nine day after the last examination. The first series of the examination is the Senior Secondary Certificate Examination which is taken by the students in senior secondary who are in their exiting class. The second series of the examination is the General Certificate in Education which is taken by the secondary school leavers who failed any subject during the Senior Secondary Certificate Examination. NOTES: CONCLUSION The National Education Council is a prominent examination body in Nigeria mandated to supervise and conduct national examination for students in Nigeria in order to confirm their level of academic performance and also improve the educational sector in Nigeria so as to meet the education standard of the world. Welcome to zumi.ng ;
Ikechukwu I write for zumi.ng, I am a University graduate, and holds a degree in Mass communication from Abia state University.