Npower Batch C Login Portal – npower.fmhds.gov.ng |npower.gov.ng | NPVN Dashboard
www.npower.fmhds.gov.ng login portal After successfully registering at the Npower recruitment portal at npower.fmhds.gov.ng, it is necessary to login from time to time so as to check necessary information and update from Npower team. This article is all about how to login to your portal using your password and email address. NPVN means N-Power Volunteers Network. This is a programme that comes with various opportunity for Nigerians to be empowered under its various programmes. The Federal Government of Nigeria aim to reduce the suffering of Nigerians by providing them with various social empowerment scheme that will not only help the unemployed but also equip them with vocational training. Divers opportunities abound in this programme which are limitless, participants will in no doubt gain requisite knowledge that will help them become stable income earners and also grow their businesses to become employer of labour. To successfully register for Npower programme, you must first create a profile account, this will enable track your progress all through the selection process. Successful applicant are required to update their profile with their personal information such as Bank accounts number, names, address etc. At each point in time it’s very necessary to log into your profile account. At times you might be ask to update your information such as BVN, account number etc. Failure to do this might delay payment of monthly stipend. Reading this article will give you a detailed guide on how to log in to your N-Power Volunteers Network profile dashboard , update your bank account and other information as requested by Npower team. Trying to login to NPVN Dashboard? It’s very simple and here is the step to get in. Note that the old url has changed and a new one has been introduced by the minister of humanitarian affairs. The new url is https://npower.fmhds.gov.ng/login. While the old portal is npvn.npower.gov.ng/My Profile. Now the question on the mind of beneficiaries of the programme is “how do I login to update my account?” The previous login portal was www.npower.gov.ng but was later dump for a new portal powered by the humanitarian ministry. The new portal is https://npower.fmhds.gov.ng/login. Remember that the only information you need to login with are your password and email address. Here comes the step on how to login to your Npower account. Before you login ensure that you are registered on the platform, only after that will you be allowed to login. METHOD 1. Npower will always ask you to perform one function or the other on your profile. So anytime they ask you to update your account here is the easiest way to accomplish that. Hope this is very clear?. METHOD 2. www.npvn.npower.gov.ng is npvn portal From my end when I log in , I usually find the following details and I believe you should also see the same on the left side of your screen: You should click on “my profile” and you will be given two options on the menu which are : Welcome to zumi.ng ;
Ikechukwu I write for zumi.ng, I am a University graduate, and holds a degree in Mass communication from Abia state University.