lagos postal code/postal code for Lagos State- all about zip code for lagos Lagos State is the most populated state in Nigeria, it is nicknamed “Center of Excellence” this has earned the state a spot on the list of 7th fastest growing city in the World. Without zip code it becomes very difficult accessing places in any city. Getting goods delivered from abroad becomes more problematic, to resolve this, a postal or zip code is given out which is a code that helps to identify places and locations. From our finding we discovered that the Lagos state zip code or postal code has just 6 digit. All zip code in Lagos is powered by the head post office in Ikeja, Lagos city, Nigeria. The Lagos state postal code is well structured based on the Area Councils, the various wards and most times , streets.  We have taken time to list all The Lagos state ZIP codes that are verifiable from the Nigerian Post Office. All Street are fully covered : Zip code are also referred to postal code although most people thinks that they are different. So if you are asking about the zip code for lagos state be rest assured that the postal code for Lagos is still same with zip code for lagos. We have provided you with various zip and postal code for Lagos, this will greatly help travelers and visitors to fully explore the state. As you visit your friends and loved ones in Lagos, the Lagos state postal code will aid you to find your route more easily making accessibility much more easier. This is mainly used by the United States Postal Service (USPS) to identify locations for easy mailing services to customers. They start making using of this format in 1963. In Nigeria we all know it as postal code while in US and most countries they call it zip code. So anytime you want to purchase an item online on a foreign site or someone wants to ship an item to you and he or she is demanding for zip code just quickly provide your postal code of your state. Zip code are provided by the Nigerian Postal Service, they assign and provide the digit . If you wish to locate it on their website then you should follow this procedure : Welcome to zumi.ng ;
Ikechukwu I write for zumi.ng, I am a University graduate, and holds a degree in Mass communication from Abia state University.