University of Ibadan 2021/2022 Postgraduate Admission Form University of Ibadan is a household name when it comes to tertiary institutions in Nigeria and Africa at large, thanks to its wonderful postgraduate program. It will shock you to know that over 40% of the school’s population are purely postgraduate students, which further buttress the fact that UI, as it is fondly called, have conducive and interesting postgraduate program/academic calendar for their students. I’m sure you want to know more about the University’s post-graduate programs and why it is rated so high among Nigerians and other international students. This is why we have dedicated this page to everyone who falls in this category. In this article, we shall be discussing extensively about the type of postgraduate admission available to interested graduates; how to apply for admission; where to get admission form; requirements and other important facts. So, Let’s get down to business. There are three types of postgraduate admission available to applicants. They include the Full-time, part-time and Occasional admission. 1. Admission To Become a Full-time Student: This type of admission requires student to always remain in school premises because their lectures are scheduled to take place in the morning. It doesn’t give room for students to participate in office work or any other job that can only be done in the morning. Alternatively, you could ask your organization to help reschedule your working hours in such a way that will allow you focus on your academic studies. Meanwhile, you will have to present your organization’s reference letter to the school management if your are taking this route. 2. Admission To Become A Part-time Student: This is the second type of admission available to students who are interested in undergoing their postgraduate studies in the Ibadan-based citadel of learning. With this type of admission, you are only in the school on a part-time basis. This means you can be going to classes without harming your performance in your organization. However, just like the full-time admission, you will need to let your organization know about your desire to further your education. This is will help to create a mutual understanding between you and your boss at work which will play a huge role in helping you balance both school and work. 3. Admission To Become an Occasional Postgraduate Student: This type of admission isn’t common in the country’s educational settings, and it is only done by a few highly-rated institutions. This type of admission gives you the opportunity to undertake a certain program without any aim of attaining or obtaining a postgraduate degree at the end of the program. It is often referred to as a non-degree program and it’s mainly seen as part of student’s mere desire to enlarge their understanding about a course or field of interest. As a graduate who is interested in furthering your education in the UI postgraduate school, below are the criteria/conditions you should possess/meet. Obtaining UI postgraduate admission form doesn’t require extreme efforts or time as it can be gotten online. In other words, this UI postgraduate form is readily available online via the school’s portal. You can visit this portal —http://www.pgschool.ui.edu.ng— to purchase your own form without stress. There are three types of forms you can choose from and each of them has a unique price tag. Below is a list of the forms and their prices. It is being sold at the rate of 21,000 and you can pay using the payments method mentioned earlier. It is extremely crucial you are told that applying can only be done online; hence, you should be very smart enough to prevent yourself from being scammed. You should also be very careful not to fall into the trap of online fraudsters. Meanwhile, you are secured as long as you follow the following application process: On no condition must you make an error while filling the application form in order to avoid unnecessary hitch in the future. You should also email your transcripts and certificates to the school via their official email address. Once that is done, click on the ‘apply’ button and that’s all. Therefore, it is advisable to refer to your email address to check if the school has sent an acknowledgement slip to you. The slip is to confirm your payment and also let you know that your application has been received and it’s being worked on. No specific deadline date has been set yet. However, judging by the school’s usual norms, postgraduate application process often runs from January through to April every year. Wrapping up everything, it is advisable you keep refreshing this page for updates. In the same vein you can subscribe to our mailing list in order to receive the latest updates directly on your email address. Welcome to zumi.ng ;
Ikechukwu I write for zumi.ng, I am a University graduate, and holds a degree in Mass communication from Abia state University.