NYSC batch A:stream I & 2 2021/2022 Date of online registration, orientation timetable & Date to be in camp www.portal.nysc.gov.ng NYSC Batch A Highlights : NYSC portal opens for registration on 3rd March 2021 Names of graduates of Nigerian CPIs will be uploaded by Senate on 3rd March 2021. On 3rd March 2021 all foreign graduates has been asked to upload their documents Are you a prospective Corp member and you want to know the actual date of the online registration, orientation timetable & Date to be in camp then this post is for you. There will always be fresh registration which is going to be a one time thing for new prospective Corp members. Always make sure you provide your Bio data accurately when filling your data online during the registration. NYSC is a thing that has come to stay since is a programme for national integration, for this purpose schools will always mobilise graduating students who have completed their programme satisfactorily and are done with their clearance. Please kindly pay a visit to your department bursary, exams and record, clear all your debt and so as to allow them to mobilize you for the next Batch. Just make sure your name are on the SENATE list, thats all. Once your name appeared on the senate list you are good to go. First it means that your school has sent your name and for sure you are meant to go with the next Batch
Click here for NYSC registration starting date and timetable. To be sure you are not missing anything and be very sure you are on the right track there are things that ought to be done on your part. Make sure and do check if your names are on jamb Matriculation list
If you are asked to regularize your admission please do complete your jamb regularization Clear all your debt, there is no short cut to this rather than to go through your document and see those debt that are left untouched. If all the above are done I will advise you to still speak to your secretary in your department, lobby for your names to be included for the next Batch. Finally your also need to confirm/ check if your names are included in the senate list here. General Documents that is necessary for all batch to present for online registration Here is an easy step by step guide that will enable register for NYSC. GO through the guide, it is a self help to those who want to register their self. Just keep visiting this page for constant updates and also drop comment on area not clear to you. You can still go through comment drop by others below. We are doing our best to update this page with relevant dates as regards NYSC registration. We will inform you about the date. Welcome to zumi.ng ;
Ikechukwu I write for zumi.ng, I am a University graduate, and holds a degree in Mass communication from Abia state University.