What Jamb Regularization login is-( NYSC/DE) 2021/2022 :How to do regularization /login page Here is how to do your compulsory Jamb Regularization so as to get started with your NYSC registration. If you discover that you don’t have an admission letter then this article will guide you through showing you the process to resolve this issue. You might ask ” what is JAMB Regularization all about, how is it done?” 
To explain this term in a simple language, JAMB Regularization is just
late JAMB registration or application.
JAMB usually interchange this word with late JAMB registration or application jamb Regularization is simply the reconciliation of OND/ND/NCE/HND admission between your institution and JAMB. There are some candidates or students of our institution who don’t have admission latter from JAMB. This means that JAMB is not yet aware of your admission. When such situation occurs, getting a DIRECT ENTRY form from JAMB might be difficult on the other hand getting your self registered online for NYSC scheme becomes a problem. Yes you should regularize if you are sure you don’t have JAMB admission letter but before then take this step to find out if really you should do JAMB Regularization : Note: as far as you did get your admission through jamb your details remains with JAMB, you are going to see your full names, your school and course of study, duration of your programme. If this details shows up, then there is no need to regularize If you are unable to find your details, or if the system says “Sorry no admission is given yet“. Then there is a problem and and to solve this issue is to regularize your admission just as we have pointed out before. Note: when you are done making your payment and registration, check your inbox for details sent to you by JAMB, This details should contain your admission year and jamb registration number. There is no deadline as this process is a continuous process for all candidate, students etc alike. Although candidate who are trying to switch over to university via JAMB Direct Entry programme will have to be time conscious about the closing date of their application. Welcome to zumi.ng ;
Ikechukwu I write for zumi.ng, I am a University graduate, and holds a degree in Mass communication from Abia state University.