See JAMB Matriculation List Checker 2021- Check List For NYSC Mobilization 2021/2022 As a student in Nigerian institution, At every point in time it’s important you check your name on JAMB matriculation list. This is not only for those going for NYSC but as well for those who are offered admission. One of the best way to check and know if you are eligible for the NYSC Mobilization program is to first go through the verification of your names on the mobilization portal. Do you want to check your name on JAMB matriculation list?Verify if your admission is valid and genuine through JAMB matriculation list. So let’s guide you on how to check your names on the portal successfully. JAMB Matriculation List is a new layer put in place by JAMB to ensure that only genuine graduates find their way to various camps located acrose the country. To achieve this goal, JAMB and NYSC board will work hand to hand to harmonise their record, verify each and every candidate due for mobilization.
Those who have the intent to maneuver their way into the system are eliminated completely. Note : if you successfully found your names, a very big congratulations to you, just start getting ready for NYSC mobilization that comes up soon. For those whose names aren’t there should follow the next step that will see them reconcile their admission e.g HND, OND, BSC . You might be a little confuse about this but here is a quick update on what I mean The following needs to be done so as to get your names listed on JAMB matriculation list : Printing your admission slip from jamb portal shows that JAMB is very much aware about your admissions. So print your slip and admission letter as this document are much needed and the very instrument you will use to approach your school. Visit your school admission unite and inform them on what your mission are. Let them know you need to verify it. Note: According to JAMB It IS very important that each and every candidate confirm their name from the matriculation list by going through the link we provided above. Jamb has made it clear that Only candidates whose names are on this list they uploads on their site will be recognised as bona-fide and qualified students from the various accredited institutions. It goes that if your name is not on this list of jamb matriculation list , your application to NYSC scheme for the one year National service shall be declined. What this means is that you won’t be mobilize for the next NYSC program hence you need your names to be fully accessible on the jamb portal. To qualify to be on the Matriculation List: Welcome to zumi.ng ;
Ikechukwu I write for zumi.ng, I am a University graduate, and holds a degree in Mass communication from Abia state University.