Nigerian airforce recruitment is here again, massively recruiting interested Nigerians who want to pursue a career in the Nigerian Air Force. Building a career with the Nigerian Air Force comes with high level of job security, pride and sense of nationhood ; NAF is the best career opportunity amongst the three branches of the armed forces.  The Nigerian Air Force recruitment advertised on this platform is solely for those who aren’t university and Polytechnic graduates. If you are a degree holder it’s advisable you pursue a career in the Nigerian Air Force DSSC recruitment through its Direct short service. Before you apply for any job position with NAF, you must be physically and mentally fit. Applicant with disabilities won’t be given any chance to apply. Non-Tradesmen/women: let’s talk about the requirements those aspiring to be NAF Non Tradesmen and women should meet : Get a least 5 credits in the Mathematics and English Language and any other subjects in SSCE/NECO/GCE/NABTEB. I Tradesmen/women: the requirements here are a little higher than that of Non Tradesmen and women and they are as follows: a. Applicants must possess ND (with minimum of Lower Credit), NABTEB, RN/RM/NCE or City & Guild Certificate. b. Candidates with only Trade Test Certificate (including Drivers) are required to also have a minimum of 2 passesin GCE/SSCE/NECO including English Language. Use the link below to access the NAF application form : NAF Application Link – https://nafrecruitment.airforce.mil.ng/ NAF Official Link – http://www.airforce.mil.ng/page-careers Remember that the Nigerian Air Force recruitment is free of charge. Government or the Nigerian Air Force won’t ask you to pay money for forms. After applying for tye Nigerian Air Force online recruitment exercise, keep it in mind that you have to wait for a couple of weeks for a list of shortlisted candidate. The list of shortlisted candidate of the Nigerian Air Force will be uploaded online for checking. Those who made it will report to the NAF base located at Kawo, Kaduna state. List of items to go with are : Welcome to zumi.ng ;
Ikechukwu I write for zumi.ng, I am a University graduate, and holds a degree in Mass communication from Abia state University.