Shell Recruitment Shell is an energy company and it is the oldest of all the oil company in Nigeria. It was founded in Nigeria 50 years ago for the main purpose of contributing to the nation’s energy and exploration with the production of petroleum. Every year, Shell Nigeria recruits capable citizens to contribute to their roles and duties. The recruitment process is for both unemployed graduates and undergraduate to reduce the risk of unemployment in the country. Roles of Shell Mission The Mission Of Shell Nigeria is to be the leading community of energy production in Nigeria through active commitment towards the nation’s sustainable development. Vision The vision of Shell Nigeria is to provide and make energy available to the citizens of the nation. In order to be eligible for the recruitment process of Shell Nigeria, applicants must meet up with the following requirements Furthermore, applicants must also be able to work with or without supervision, have good behaviour and be free of any crimes. The Shell Nigeria shortlisted candidates would be released shortly after the application process. Candidates should check the website https://shell.com.ng/careers for the list of the shortlisted candidates. Qualified applicants would be invited for a pre-screening examination in the different centre around the nation. It is important applicants show up for the examination because the absence of any candidates might lead to automatic disqualification. Also, make sure you go for the examination early and have all the necessary documents that might be needed. All these will save you from getting nervous and stressed out. It’s not surprising that job seekers want to know the salary structure of the company they want to apply for. Well, Shell is one of the highest paying companies in Nigeria. So, it really pays its employees very well. The salaries depend on the position of the employees and the job specification. Here are the salaries of some employees in Shell Nigeria Operations Manager receive #238,000 per month Computer Engineers get #143,000 per month Contractor planner receive #260,000 per month Health nurse gets #285,000 in a month Interns receive around #95,000 in a month Listed above are the salaries some employees receive. From this, it can be deduced that employees are well paid and they get their salary without delay. Also, the company offers its employees numerous benefits which makes the job easy and stress-free. Here are some of the benefits of working in Shell. Employees in Shell Nigeria enjoy benefits like free medical and health care, free lunch and adequate equipment to carry out tasks efficiently. Also, the company encourages its employees by organising different training to boost their personal development. In fact, employees enjoy the benefits of being included in a various decision that can improve the growth of the company. Furthermore, there is teamwork and cooperation within the employees and they get to interact with other people from different cultures. The company also allows its employees to build a strong connection with each other. Now, it is seen that working for Shell will expose you to personal development and great life-changing situations. Final Thoughts Shell Nigeria is the oldest of all the petroleum corporation in the nation. Recruiting citizens every year is its own way of contributing to the development of the country other than its basic roles. The recruitment process is not difficult but it is necessary applicants take note of the instructions given above. Adhering to them and using the tips will help you have a stress free recruitment process. Welcome to zumi.ng ;
Ikechukwu I write for zumi.ng, I am a University graduate, and holds a degree in Mass communication from Abia state University.