All you need to know about University of Abuja post UTME The main questions in the mind of candidates right now is “has university of Abuja released her Post UTME Form” when will UNIABUJA take her exams, when is the Date and Recruitment of her exam? ” You will get all answers and also get to know more about the Ongoing university of Abuja post UTME right now. This article is here to furnish you with accurate information on how to apply for the school post UTME registration and its requirements. To be eligible for the UniAbuja enrolment you should have met the cut off mark of the school. The school general cut off mark is 180 but some courses require more scores than this general mark. So it is pertinent to find out the cut off mark for your course. Courses like medicine, law, engineering etc requires more than the 180 general cut off mark. The UniAbuja post Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination form can only be bought online. Each candidate is expected to pay a non refundable fee of #2000. This is the processing fees and has nothing to do with the bank and admission status checking. Payment should be made through the school official portal at www.portal.uniabuja.edu.ng Process below To be eligible to apply for university of Abuja post UTME, you must meet the following requirements Applying for the University of Abuja post Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination To successfully applied for the UniAbuja post unified tertiary matriculation examination, you would have to follow the below steps. But first you would need to have an internet enabled device to be able to login online. After making payment, you can now fill your application form for screening The University of Abuja which is popularly known as UniAbuja is one institution of learning in the federal capital territory (FCT), Abuja. The tertiary institution was founded on the 1st of January 1988 as a dual mode university. The school has the authority to run both conventional and distance learning programmes. Though established in 1988 but academic work began in earnest in the School in 1990. The motto for the school is for unity and scholarship, currently this school runs different regular programmes which are diploma, degree, postgraduate and distance learning school programmes. The school is a citadel of learning which have provision even for students that can’t get education via the normal university route. It also provides same for people that need to acquire not only new knowledge but specialized skill as well. This nurturing ground like every other regular higher institution has its procedures for enrollment. Conclusion The University of Abuja is a great citadel of learning that is designed to modeled students that will be useful to themselves, the society and the world at large. Enrolling into the university just need one following the above steps after obtaining the mandatory cut off mark from jamb and having at least 5 credit passes. Welcome to zumi.ng ;
Ikechukwu I write for zumi.ng, I am a University graduate, and holds a degree in Mass communication from Abia state University.