All You Need To Know About University Of Benin Post UTME Screening Exercise The college can handle post graduate degree, undergraduate and foundation programs. So all you will need to do is to have the cut off mark for the school to be able to enroll into this enviable school. To be eligible to be admitted in to the school you must go through the admission processes. This piece is here to furnish you with all the information you need to enroll into the school. The cost of getting the University of Benin post UTME screening form is #2000 though it isn’t compulsory to get the Post UTME post questions which go for #1500. You can make this payment through any commercial bank nearest to you or online through any Remitta payment channels. You would be given the Remintta code from the Uniben portal The 2 requirements needed to be possessed by candidates that are eligible for the post unified tertiary matriculation examination screening are: The cut-off mark of candidates trying to get admission in University of Benin is between 180 to 200. This simply means that those that scored below are not eligible for the next phase which is the screening test. The departmental cut off mark is the score that a candidate is expected to meet to be eligible for admission into a specific department in University of Benin. Though the general cut off point is at 200 but the departmental cut off point of the school varies. All other departments’ demand a 200 score cut off point except the following: International studies: 205 Mass Communication, Civil Engineering, Electrical/Electronic Engineering, Microbiology, and Biochemistry: Computer Science: 210 Nursing Sciences, Chemical Engineering: 215 Physiotherapy, Medical Laboratory Science. Bbental Surgery, Medicine and Surgery: 220 The below steps are how eligible candidates can apply for University of Benin post UTME screening excise The University of Benin is one of the universities in Nigeria, West African. It is situated in Benin City in Edo state Nigeria. The University of Benin was founded in 1970 and it is a public University owned by the Federal government of Nigeria. This university is one of the Universities in Nigeria with a serene environment for learning and a high level of prestige for those enrolled in the school. Uniben is a renowned learning ground for quality academic activities and an enchanting social life for the students. The two campuses of the college ughowo campus and Ekehuan campus are grounds for serious academic pursuits for students of great minds. When it comes to Uniben, it doesn’t need to be hyped as the school is blessed with a lovely environment that can only promote convenience learning for the students The school has provided modern and digital facilities which will help provide the student with enabling ability to excel, the school also adopt the vocational curriculum which gives the needed training that students need to be skillful and self reliant. The school has realized how digitalize the world have become and have provided the same enablement for the students as to compete favorably with others in that regard The students are molded both in character and mind to produce only the result that the university is known for. The school is equipped to give the needed training to all students of different levels. Conclusion Each tertiary institution has its lay down principles for its post UTME screening exercise and the University of Benin is no exception. So you need to follow the above steps if you are a eligible candidate to get it right. You need to know that you must get to the age of 16 before attempting this. it is a basic requirement by the school. The information stated above is all valid you just have to understand them properly before attempting to go through with the screening Welcome to zumi.ng ;
Ikechukwu I write for zumi.ng, I am a University graduate, and holds a degree in Mass communication from Abia state University.