All You Need To Know About University Of Nigeria Nsukka Post Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination Screening The University Of Nigeria Nsukka is a Federal government owned college. It is the first autonomous and indigenous university in Nigeria. It is designed according to the American educational system. This public university was founded in 1955 by Nnamdi Azikwe though it was officially opened on the 7th of October 1960. The University of Nigeria is one of the reputable universities in the county. It combines both academic excellences with a distinguished social life for the students. The school is a great learning ground for grooming students to an enviable height. All the training a student is expected to imbibe is given in the 4 campuses of the University. The 4 campuses are University of Nigeria, Nsukka, UNN, university of Nigeria Aba campus, University of Nigeria teaching hospital UNTH and University of Nigeria Enugu campus, UNEC. With the locations of these campuses the students will only enjoy very healthy and amazing climate The campuses are dotted with conducive housing units for both the students and staff of the University. Same can be said of good accessible road and modern shopping facilities for the delight of the students.. The school is blessed with various faculties and departments for various level of learning. The outstanding thing about the school is the impact on the soul and minds of its students which according to the motto of the school is to restore the dignity of man. This means the students are trained in both character and skill. Enrolling into the University Of Nigeria Nsukka is really easy and straight forward provided you have the requirement as needed by the school for your post UTME screening. This post is here to inform you on post UTME screening activity of the school. So you would be getting all the accurate information below The University of Nigeria post unified tertiary matriculation examination screening form is only for eligible candidates that had met the cut off point for the school. They are expected to pay the sum of #2000 as processing fee to obtain the form. This payment can be made via the Remita platform at a commercial bank. You would apply at https://unnportal.unn.edu.ng/ScrenningApplication.aspx?AspxAutoDetectCookieSupport=1 The requirements for the screening of eligible students for UNN are as follows: The following venues are the screening centers: More information can be gotten from www.edu.ng for intermittent updated information The administration of the University has pegged the university post UTME cut off mark at 180 which is same with jamb cut off mark but the needed aggregate point needed by the school for admission is 200. The management stated that this minimum score of 200 is because of the high numbers of students seeking for enrollment into the school. Admission will be granted also on the high score from jamb and O-level grades Eligible candidates will need to apply for the university of Nigeria post UTME exercise. The below steps are to be duly followed to go through the registration diligently. The cut-off mark for the different department in UNN varies; the following are the cut off marks for the various departments Conclusion There you have the accurate information that will help you go through the University of Nigeria Nsukka post UTME screening without stress. You just have to follow the above information to get everything right. Remember that you must be at least 16 years before trying to gain admission into the UNN. Furthermore, apart from checking only the general cut-off point for admission, you need to check that you are eligible for the course you want to study. Welcome to zumi.ng ;
Ikechukwu I write for zumi.ng, I am a University graduate, and holds a degree in Mass communication from Abia state University.